README.md, before:

# GANs
Repository combining all my work related to GANs (learning, projects, gits).

# Projects
> For now this section is empty
# Learning
| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
|[My first Gan](https://github.com/KTFish/First-GAN-MNIST)| Implementation of a basic GAN architecture for the MNIST dataset. |
| [DCGAN](https://github.com/KTFish/DCGAN)| Implementation of the nsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks paper.|
| Wasserstein GAN | |
| Theory Gist for Generative Adversarial Networks | A gits with math equations, glossary and explanations etc. |

# External resources (if you also learn about GANs 😏
* [YouTube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AALBGpLbj6Q) by 
Nicholas Renotte ,,Build a Generative Adversarial Neural Network with Tensorflow and Python".
* [An Introduction to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXWvrRLzEaU&list=PLhhyoLH6IjfwIp8bZnzX8QR30TRcHO8Va) by Aladdin Persson

Commit message:

Updating  README. Adding theory notes links. Cleaning out and moving things around.

README.md, after:

# GANs

### Repository structure

Repository combining all my work related to GANs (learning, projects, gits). In the [**theory**](./theory) section you can find my notes based on topic related to courses from [_Courseras Generative Adversarial Networks Specialization_](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-adversarial-networks-gans). In the [**notebooks**](./notebooks/) you will find the Python implementations.

#### Theory notes 📜

- [Basic GANs](theory\01-basic-gans.md)
- [Better GANs](theory\02-better-gans.md)
- [Apply GANs](theory\03-apply-gans.md)

# Projects

> For now this section is empty

# Implementations

| Name                                                      | Description                                                                                                              |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [My first Gan](https://github.com/KTFish/First-GAN-MNIST) | Implementation of a basic GAN architecture for the MNIST dataset.                                                        |
| [DCGAN](https://github.com/KTFish/DCGAN)                  | Implementation of the nsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks paper. |
| Wasserstein GAN                                           |                                                                                                                          |
| Theory Gist for Generative Adversarial Networks           | A gits with math equations, glossary and explanations etc.                                                               |

# External resources (if you also learn about GANs 😏

- [YouTube tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AALBGpLbj6Q) by
  Nicholas Renotte ,,Build a Generative Adversarial Neural Network with Tensorflow and Python".
- [An Introduction to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXWvrRLzEaU&list=PLhhyoLH6IjfwIp8bZnzX8QR30TRcHO8Va) by Aladdin Persson
